(Event 54, SciPy) docs: add timestamp (#108)
data-umbrella/event-transcripts: 2022/54-melissa-scipy.md

alt="Reshama Shaikh: An Example Pull Request to PyMC" width="50%" /></a>

## Timestamps

> 00:00:00 Reshama introduces Data Umbrella\
> 00:04:25 Reshama introduces Melissa Mendonca\
> 00:05:12 Melissa begins her talk\
> 00:05:37 Talk Agenda\
> 00:06:29 Melissa mentions Imposter Syndrome\
> 00:07:38 What is Scipy?\
> 00:08:38 History of Scipy\
> 00:10:10 How Scipy is organized\
> 00:13:44 Quick tour of Scipy repository\
> 00:21:25 How to contribute to Scipy\
> 00:25:57 Setting up Development environment\
> 00:30:05 Using Gitpod to set up Development environment on browser\
> 00:32:25 What file should I edit?\
> 00:34:17 What \_add\_newdocs.py does\
> 00:37:13 Building to see your changes\
> 00:39:50 Building the documentation\
> 00:40:44 Submitting your Pull request\
> 00:45:49 Final Thoughts\
> 00:47:35 Scipy good first issues\
> 00:48:42 Q&A with Melissa\
> 00:50:15 Melissa mentions Scipy meeting and conference\
> 00:56:24 Melisaa answers how to contribute to open-source\
> 00:57:47 Webinar ends

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Agenda
00:00 Reshama introduces Data Umbrella
04:25 Reshama introduces Melissa Mendonca
05:12 Melissa begins her talk
05:37 Talk Agenda
06:29 Melissa mentions Imposter Syndrome
07:38 What is SciPy?
08:38 History of SciPy
10:10 How SciPy is organized
13:44 Quick tour of SciPy repository
21:25 How to contribute to SciPy
25:57 Setting up Development environment
30:05 Using Gitpod to set up Development environment on browser
32:25 What file should I edit?
34:17 What \_add\_newdocs.py does
37:13 Building to see your changes
39:50 Building the documentation
40:44 Submitting your pull request (PR)
45:49 Final thoughts
47:35 SciPy good first issues
48:42 Q&A with Melissa
50:15 Melissa mentions SciPy meeting and conference
56:24 Melissa answers how to contribute to open-source
57:47 Webinar ends

Thank you to @theyeylolu (https://github.com/thayeylolu) for doing the timestamps.

## Transcript
```
